Life loves me!
All is well in my world. Everything is working out for my highest good. Out of this situation only good will come. I am safe!
It’s only a thought, and a thought can be changed.
The point of power is always in the present moment.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
I am in the process of positive change.
I am comfortable looking in the mirror, saying, I love you, I really love you.
It is safe to look within.
I forgive myself and set myself free.
As I say yes to life, life says yes to me.
I now go beyond other people’s fears and limitations.
I am Divinely guided and protected at all times.
I claim my power and move beyond all limitations.
I trust the process of life.
I am deeply fulfilled by all that I do.
We are all family, and the planet is our home.
As I forgive myself, it becomes easier to forgive others.
I am willing to let go.
Deep at the center of my being is an infinite well of love.
I prosper wherever I turn.
I welcome miracles into my life.
Whatever I need to know is revealed to me at exactly the right time.
I am loved, and I am at peace.
My happy thoughts help create my healthy body.
Life supports me in every possible way.
My day begins and ends with gratitude.
I listen with love to my body’s messages.
The past is over.
Only good can come to me.
I am beautiful, and everybody loves me.
Everyone I encounter today has my best interests at heart.
I always work with and for wonderful people. I love my job.
Filling my mind with pleasant thoughts is the quickest road to health.
I am healthy, whole, and complete.
I am at home in my body.
I devote a portion of my time to helping others. It is good for my own health.
I am greeted by love wherever I go.
Wellness is the natural state of my body. I am in perfect health.
I am pain free and totally in sync with life.
I am very thankful for all the love in my life. I find it everywhere.
I know that old, negative patterns no longer limit me. I let them go with ease.
In the infinity of life where I am, all is perfect, whole, and complete.
I trust my intuition. I am willing to listen to that still, small voice within.
I am willing to ask for help when I need it.
I forgive myself for not being perfect.
I honor who I am.
I attract only healthy relationships. I am always treated well.
I do not have to prove myself to anyone.
I come from the loving space of my heart, and I know that love opens all doors.
I am in harmony with nature.
I welcome new ideas.
Today, no person, place, or thing can irritate or annoy me. I choose to be at peace.
I am safe in the Universe and All Life loves and supports me.
I experience love wherever I go.
I am willing to change.
I drink lots of water to cleanse my body and mind.
I choose to see clearly with the eyes of love.
I cross all bridges with joy and ease.
I release all drama from my life.
Loving others is easy when I love and accept myself.
I balance my life between work, rest, and play.
I return to the basics of life: forgiveness, courage, gratitude, love, and humor.
I am in charge, I now take my own power back.
My body appreciates how I take care of it.
I spend time with positive, energetic people.
The more peaceful I am inside, the more peace I have to share with others.
Today is a sacred gift from Life.
I have the courage to live my dreams.
I release all negative thoughts of the past and all worries about the future.
I forgive everyone in my past for all perceived wrongs. I release them with love.
I only speak positively about those in my world. Negativity has no part in my life.
We are all eternal spirit.
I act as if I already have what I want—it’s an excellent way to attract happiness in my life.
I enjoy the foods that are best for my body.
My life gets better all the time.
It is safe for me to speak up for myself.
I live in the paradise of my own creation.
Perfect health is my Divine right, and I claim it now.
I release all criticism.
I am on an ever-changing journey.
I am grateful for my healthy body. I love life.
Love flows through my body, healing all dis-ease.
My income is constantly increasing.
My healing is already in process.
There is always more to learn.
I now live in limitless love, light, and joy.
I become more lovable every day.
It is now safe for me to release all of my childhood traumas and move into love.
I deserve all that is good.
I am constantly discovering new ways to improve my health.
Love is all there is!
My life gets more fabulous every day.
Today I am at peace.
Loving others is easy when I love and accept myself.
I have the perfect living space.
I have compassion for all.
I trust the Universe to help me see the good in everything and in everyone.
I love my family members just as they are. I do not try to change anyone.
There is plenty for everyone, and we bless and prosper each other.
I love and approve of myself.
Life is good, and so it is!
I do not fix problems. I fix my thinking. Then problems fix themselves.
I am in the process of positive change.
As I forgive myself, it becomes easier to forgive others.
Nourishing myself is a joyful experience, and I am worth the time spent on my healing.
Whatever I need to know is revealed to me at exactly the right time.
I trust the process of life.
I listen with love to my body’s messages.
I am constantly discovering new ways to improve my health.
I forgive myself for not being perfect.
I am willing to change.
I act as if I already have what I want—it’s an excellent way to attract happiness in my life.
My body takes me everywhere easily and effortlessly. 
I am a joyful breeze entering a room.
I act if I already have what I want – it’s an excellent way to attract happiness in my life.
I forgive myself and set myself free.
As I forgive myself it becomes easier to forgive others.
I choose to feel good about myself each day. Every morning I remind myself that I can make the choice to feel good. This is a new habit for me to cultivate. 
Positive Self AffirmationsToday I listen to my feelings, and I am gentle with myself. I know that all of my feelings are my friends.
I love every cell of my body.
I now choose to release all hurt and resentment.
I am the only person who has control over my eating habits. I can always resist something if I choose to.
I am pain free and totally in sync with life.
I deserve the best, I accept it now. All my needs and desires are met before I even ask.
Today is the future I created yesterday.
Peace begins with me the more peaceful I am inside, the more peace I have to share with others. World peace really does begin with me.
I am at home in my body. All is well.
Wellness is the natural state of my body.
I handle my own life with joy and ease.
I am surrounded by love. All is well.
I feel safe in the rhythm and flow ever-changing life.
I am grateful for my healthy body, I love life.
I am worth loving. There is love all around me.
I experience love wherever I go. Loving people fill my life and I find myself easily expressing love to others.
Life brings me only good experiences. I am open to new and wonderful changes.
My day begins and ends with gratitude and joy.
I forgive everyone in my past for all perceived wrongs. I release them with love.
All that I need to know at any given moment is revealed to me. My intuition is always on my side.
I open my hearts and sing the joys of love.
Life supports me in every possible way.
My income is constantly increasing.
My heart is open. I speak with loving words.
All that I seek is already within me.
I am one with the very power that created me.
I rejoice in the love I encounter everyday.
My life is joyously balanced with work and play.
I take brisk walks in the sunshine to invigorate my body and soul.
Every experience I have is perfect for my growth.
All is well in my world.
My mind and body are in perfect balance. I am harmonious being.
I am unlimited in my wealth. All areas of my life are abundant and fulfilling.
Abundance flows freely through me.
My self-esteem is high because I honor who I am. 
I am an open channel for creative ads.
I flow easily with new experiences, new challenges, and new people who enter my life.
I am comfortable looking in the mirror, saying, I love you, I really love you.
I look within to find my treasures.
I am not free myself from destructive fears and doubts.
Every person, place, and thing on this planet is interconnected with love. I am at home in the Universe.
Nourishing myself is a joyful experience, and I am worth the time spent on my healing.
I take in and give out nourishment in perfect balance.
Every decision I make is the right one for me.
I am patient, tolerant, and diplomatic.
Everything in my life works now and forevermore.
I feel glorious, dynamic energy. I am active and alive.
We are all family, and the planet is our home.
Love is powerful your love and my love.
I am beautiful and everybody loves me.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we’re not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.
Begin to recognize prosperity everywhere, and rejoice in it.
When we expand our thinking and beliefs our love flows freely. When we contract we shut ourselves off. Can you remember the last time when you were in love? Your heart went ahhh!! It was such a wonderful feeling. It is the same with loving yourself except that you will never leave once you have your love for yourself.Its with you for the rest of your life, so you want to make it the best relationship that you can have.
You’ve been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
I say Out to every negative thought that comes to my mind. No person, place, or thing has any power over me, for I am the only thinker in my mind. I create my own reality and everyone in it.
Every time you meditate, every time you do visualization for healing, every time you say something for healing the whole planet, you are connecting with like-minded people all over the planet who are doing the same thing.
In the infinity of life where I am, All is perfect, whole and complete, I no longer choose to believe in old limitations and lack, I now choose to begin to see myself. As the Universe sees me — perfect, whole, and complete.
I have never understood the importance of having children memorize battle dates. It seems like such a waste of mental energy. Instead, we could teach them important subjects such as How the Mind Works, How to Handle Finances, How to Invest Money for Financial Security, How to be a Parent, How to Create Good Relationships, and How to Create and Maintain Self-Esteem and Self-Worth. Can you imagine what a whole generation of adults would be like if they had been taught these subjects in school along with their regular curriculum?.'
You are the only person who thinks in your mind! You are the power and authority in your world.
No person, place, or thing has any power over me, for I am the only thinker in my mind.
Be ready for love when it does come. Prepare the field and be ready to nourish love. Be loving, and you will be lovable. Be open and receptive to love.
Self-approval and self-acceptance in the now are the main keys to positive changes in every area of our lives.
I grow spiritually when I accept responsibility for my life.
Be willing to take the first step, no matter how small it is. Concentrate on the fact that you are willing to learn. Absolute miracles will happen.
We may not know how to forgive, and we many not want to forgive; but the very fact we say we are willing to forgive begins the healing practice.
The past is over and done and cannot be changed. This is the only moment we can experience. Deep at the center of my being there is an infinite well of gratitude. I now allow this gratitude to fill my heart, my body, my mind, my consciousness, my very being. This gratitude radiates out from me in all directions, touching everything in my world, and returns to me as more to be grateful for. The more gratitude I feel, the more I am aware that the supply is endless.
If you accept a limiting belief, then it will become a truth for you.
Love is the greatest healing power I know. Love can heal even the deepest and most painful memories because love brings the light of understanding to the darkest corners of our hearts and minds.
As I say YES to life, life says YES to me.