Q: What goes up and down but does not move? A: Stairs 
Q: Where should a 500 pound alien go? A: On a diet 
Q: What did one toilet say to the other? A: You look a bit flushed. 
Q: Why did the picture go to jail? A: Because it was framed. 
Q: What did one wall say to the other wall? A: I'll meet you at the corner. 
Q: What did the paper say to the pencil? A: Write on! 
Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to? A: Lonely 
Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? A: A towel. 
Q: Why do bicycles fall over? A: Because they are two-tired! 
Q: Why do dragons sleep during the day? A: So they can fight knights! 
Q: What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? A: Someday my prints will come! 
Q: Why was the broom late? A: It over swept! 
Q: What part of the car is the laziest? A: The wheels, because they are always tired! 
Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope? A: Stick with me and we will go places! 
Q: What is blue and goes ding dong? A: An Avon lady at the North Pole! 
Q: We're you long in the hospital? A: No, I was the same size I am now! 
Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards? A: Because he was sitting on the deck! 
Q: What did the laundryman say to the impatient customer? A: Keep your shirt on! 
Q: What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper? A: Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV? 
Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? A: I think I'm coming down with something! 
Q: Why was the belt arrested? A: Because it held up some pants! 
Q: Why was everyone so tired on April 1st? A: They had just finished a March of 31 days. 
Q: Which hand is it better to write with? A: Neither, it's best to write with a pen! 
Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? A: Because then it would be a foot! 
Q: What makes the calendar seem so popular? A: Because it has a lot of dates! 
Q: Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space? A: He wanted to find Pluto! 
Q: What is green and has yellow wheels? A: Grass…..I lied about the wheels! 
Q: What is it that even the most careful person overlooks? A: Her nose! 
Q: Did you hear about the robbery last night? A: Two clothes pins held up a pair of pants! 
Q: Why do you go to bed every night? A: Because the bed won't come to you! 
Q: Why did Billy go out with a prune? A: Because he couldn't find a date! 
Q: Why do eskimos do their laundry in Tide? A: Because it's too cold out-tide! 
Q: How do you cure a headache? A: Put your head through a window and the pane will just disappear! 
Q: What has four wheels and flies? A: A garbage truck! 
Q: What kind of car does Mickey Mouse's wife drive? A: A minnie van! 
Q: Why don't traffic lights ever go swimming? A: Because they take too long to change! 
Q: Why did the man run around his bed? A: To catch up on his sleep! 
Q: Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank? A: He wanted to make a clean get away!
What do you call cheese that’s not yours? It’s nacho cheese.
What do you get when you put a candle in a suit of armour? A knight light.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?! They’re making headlines!
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba-​dum Tish!
There were two peanuts walking down a dark alley, one was assaulted.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
How do you catch a unique rabbit? You ‘neek’ up on it.
How do you catch a tame rabbit? The ‘tame’ way.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATHE!
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
What goes “ha ha thump”? A man laughing his head off.
What did the grape say when he was pinched? Nothing, he gave a little wine.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the policeman smell bad? He was on duty.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? FO DRIZZLE!
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it has a silent pee.
Why did the storm trooper buy an iphone? He couldn’t find the Droid he was looking for.
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven ate nine.
How does Jesus make tea???? Hebrews it.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Elephino!
What did the farmer say when he couldn’t find his tractor? “Where’s my Tractor?!”
Have you heard about the duck that was arrested for dealing? He was selling “quack”.
What did the little fish say when he swam into a wall? DAM!
Where does a sheep go for a haircut? To the baaaaa baaaaa shop!
What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno business!
What do you get when you throw a piano down a mine shaft? A flat miner.
Have you heard about the cannibal that passed his brother in the forest?
Who’s there?” … “Control freak. Okay now you say, ‘Control freak who?”
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? Boobies.
Horse walks into a bar. Bartender says, “Why the long face?”
What do you do with a dead chemist …. You Barium.
What’s the difference between a woman with PMS and a Pitt Bull? – Lipstick!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun… A roamin’ Catholic.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Why did the orange stop? Because, it ran outta juice.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
What’s the last thing that goes thru a bug’s mind as he hits the windshield? His butt.
I never make mistakes…I thought I did once; but I was wrong.
What’s Beethoven’s favorite fruit?…Ba-na-na-naaa!
Why are pirates so mean? I don’t know, they just arrrrrrrrr!
Why was Tigger looking in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Tunis! Tunis who? Tunis company, three’s a crowd!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Iran! Iran who? Iran over here to tell you this!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Opportunity Don’t be silly – opportunity doesn’t knock twice!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Daisy Daisy who? Daisy me rollin, they hatin
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? A Pile-​Up A Pile-​Up Who? Ewwwwww
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Doctor Doctor who? That’s a great T.V. show, isn’t it?
Knock knock Who’s there Gorilla Gorilla who Gorilla me a hamburger
Knock knock Who’s there Amish Amish Who? Awwww How sweet. I miss you too.
Knock, Knock! Who’s There? Dewey! Dewey who? Dewey have to use a condom?
Knock Knock Who’s There? Ben Hur Ben Hur who? Ben Hur over and give it to her doggy style!
Knock Knock Who’s There? Justin Justin who? You’re Justin time to wipe my @$$ !
Knock Knock Who’s there! Ice cream ! Ice cream who ? Ice cream if you don’t let me in!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Doris! Doris who? Doris locked that’s why I am knocking!
Knock Knock. Who’s there? The guy who finished second. The guy who finished second who? Exactly.
Knock knock! Who’s there? Yah! Yah who? Naaah, bro, I prefer google.
Knock, Knock! Who’s There? Buster! Buster who? Buster Cherry! Is your daughter home?
Knock Knock Who’s there? Orange Orange who? Orange you going to answer the door?
Knock knock! Who’s there? Dwayne! Dwayne who? Dwayne the bathtub, I’m drowning.
Knock Knock Who’s there? Alex! Alex who? Alex the questions round here!
Knock Knock. Who’s there? Butch, Jimmy and Joe. Butch, Jimmy, and Joe Who? Butch your arms around me, Jimmy a kiss, and let’s Joe.
Knock Knock Who’s there? Urine Urine Who? URINEsecure don’t know what for
Knock Knock Who’s there ! Waiter ! Waiter who ? Waiter I get my hands on you!
Knock Knock Who’s there? Old lady Old lady who? Wow I didn’t know you could yodel.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Dumbbell. Dumbbell who? Dumbbell doesn’t work so I had to knock!
Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? A: The scientists were brainstorming!
Q: Why did Tony go out with a prune? A: Because he couldn’t find a date!
Q: What is the difference between a school teacher and a train? A: The teacher says spit your gum out and the train says “chew chew chew”.
Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital? A: To get a tweetment.
Q. What do you get when you cross a cow and a duck? A. Milk and quackers!
Q: What did the leopard say after eating his owner? A: Man, that hit the “spot.”
Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof? A: Never mind, it’s over your head!
Q: Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance? A: Because he had no-​body to go with.
Q: How do crazy people go through the forest? A: They take the psycho path.
Q: What do you say when you lose a wii game? A: I want a wii-​match!
Q: How do you make an Octupus laugh? A: With ten-​tickles
Q: Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? A: Because then it would be a foot!
Q: How do you drown a Hipster? A: In the mainstream.
Q: How do you make holy water? A: Boil the hell out of it!
Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly? A: It barked with de-​light!
Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world? A: A stamp.
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What do lawyers wear to court? A: Lawsuits!
Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? A: A towel.
Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest? A: An Investigator
Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? A: Every morning you’ll rise and shine!
Q: “What’s the difference between a guitar and a fish?” A: “You can’t tuna fish.”
Q: What do prisoners use to call each other? A: Cell phones.
Q: Where do snowmen keep their money? A: In snow banks.
Q: What washes up on very small beaches? A: Microwaves!
Q: Why couldn’t the pirate play cards? A: Because he was sitting on the deck!
Q: Why did the traffic light turn red? A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? A: I think I’m coming down with something!
Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa? A: A Clausterphobic
Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? A: Ouch
Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend? A: Because his friend said dinner is on me.
Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? A: Frostbite.
A day without sunshine is like, night.
Born free, taxed to death.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
Because those men already have boyfriends.
What’s the difference between a paycheck and a pen*s? You don’t have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-​opener.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
How do you get a sweet 80-​year-​old lady to say the F-​word?
Get another sweet little 80-​year-​old lady to yell *BINGO*!
Lottery: a tax on people who are bad at math.
If at first, you don’t succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
You cannot taste me until you undress me – Banana
You cannot eat me unless you lick me – Ice-​cream
You cannot play with me unless you blow me – Balloon
Your moms like a bowling ball she gets picked up fingered thrown in the gutter and still comes back for more!
Yo mama so stupid, she tripped over a WIRELESS network!
Yo mama is so ugly that even Scooby Doo couldn’t solve that mystery.
Yo mamas like humpty dumpty first she gets humped then she gets dumped
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo mama’s like the Pillsbury dough boy…. everybody pokes her.
Yo momma so fat she sued Xbox 360 for guessing her weight
Yo Mama so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo momma’s so fat, she’s got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook
Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake
Yo mama so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo mama’s mouth is so big that she speaks in surround sound.
Yo Mama So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo momma is so poor she created a gmail account just so she can eat the spam
Yo momma is poor when I sat on a skateboard she said (get of my family van)
Yo mama so stupid, her teacher told her to get out a pen and paper, and she got out a hen and raped her.
Yo mama so nasty she looks like an ogre and smells like puss in boots
Yo Momma so fat, I bumped into her and said “Sorry, my mistake.” And she said “Did you just say steak?!”
Yo mama so ugly she had to trick or treat over the phone
Yo mamas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Yo mama so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she’s in.
Yo Mama’s so dirty, the roaches wrote her an eviction notice.
Yo mama so fat she sat on an iPad and turned it into a Flat Screen TV
Yo momma is so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices
Q: What did Bacon say to Tomato? A: Lettuce get together!
Q: What do you call a computer that sings? A: A-​Dell
Q: If Mississippi bought Virginia a New Jersey, what would Delaware? A: Idaho… Alaska!
Q: Did you hear about that new broom? A: It’s sweeping the nation!
Q: “What’s the difference between a guitar and a fish?” A: “You can’t tuna fish.”
Q: What do you call a baby monkey? A: A Chimp off the old block.
Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica? A: It’s dread-​full.
Q: How do you make a tissue dance? A: Put a little boogey in it!
Q: What is heavy forward but not backward? A: Ton.
Q: What does a nosey pepper do? A: Gets jalapeno business!
Q: What do you call a fake noodle? A: An Impasta
Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest? A: An Investigator
Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? A: Every morning you’ll rise and shine!
Q: What do lawyers wear to court? A: Lawsuits!
Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? A: A towel.
Q: Why did the belt get arrested? A: He held up a pair of pants.
Q: What do you call a fat psychic? A: A four chin teller.
Q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato? A: The lettuce was a “head” and the tomato was trying to “ketchup”!
Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock? A: It went back four seconds.
Q: What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies? A: An ambulance.
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? A: An irrelephant.
Q: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean? A: A Dell Rolling in the Deep.
Q: What do you call a gangsta snowman? A: Froze-​T
Q: What did the femur say to the patella? A: I kneed you.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
Ill call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
People don’t like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
I'm so good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
My boss told me to have a good day.. so I went home.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia. The librarian says "They're right behind you!"
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
Why do blind people hate skydiving? It scares the hell out of their dogs.
When you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs.
My friend says to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "No it doesn't"
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Aye matey.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time consuming.
Whatdya call a frenchman wearing sandals? Phillipe Phillope.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Did you hear about the italian chef that died? He pasta way.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was two tired!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Right where you left it.
When a deaf person sees someone yawn do they think it’s a scream?
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the physco path.
And the lord said unto John, "Come forth and you will receive eternal life". John came fifth and won a toaster.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t look! I’m about to change.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do *not* read it!
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here. I’ll go on ahead.
Why wouldn’t the shrimp share his treasure? Because he was a little shellfish.
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
Alcohol! Because no great story started with someone eating a salad.
I don't need a hair stylist, my pillow gives me a new hairstyle every morning.
Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer...
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
A balanced diet means a cupcake in each hand.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
If you’re not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
Don’t drink while driving – you might spill the beer.
I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problem, but neither does milk.
My wallet is like an onion. When I open it, it makes me cry...
Doesn’t expecting the unexpected make the unexpected expected?
I'm not clumsy, The floor just hates me, the table and chairs are bullies and the walls get in my way.
Life is short, smile while you still have teeth.
The only reason I'm fat is because a tiny body couldn't store all this personality.
I'm jealous of my parents, I'll never have a kid as cool as them.
I'm not lazy, I'm just very relaxed.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
You're born free, then you're taxed to death.
The best part of going to work is coming back home at the end of the day.
A cookie a day keeps the sadness away. An entire jar of cookies a day brings it back.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of bank payments.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
If you do a job too well, you’ll get stuck with it.
Quantity is what you count, quality is what you count on.
The road to success is always under construction.
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
If you can’t live without me, why aren’t you dead yet?
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
I don’t suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I get enough exercise pushing my luck.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
God created the world, everything else is made in China.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that people who have the most live the longest.
When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
Children in the back seat cause accidents, accidents in the back seat cause children!
I’d like to help you out today. Which way did you come in?
You never truly understand something until you can explain it to your grandmother.
Experience is a wonderful thing. It enables you to recognise a mistake when you make it again.
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
Don't you wish they made a clap on clap off device for some peoples mouths?
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either.
If people are talking behind your back, then just fart.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Even if you were cloned, you'd still be one of a kind. And the better looking one.
It's not easy to be me. Which is why I need you.
I would love to spend every minute of every day with you, but some days I actually have to get stuff done.
Your smile is proof that the best things in life are free.
You're smarter than Google and Mary Poppins combined.
I think the hardest part about being your friend is pretending as though I like my other friends as much as I like you.
You're not someone I pretend to not see in public.
I don't have a favourite colour, It's pretty much whatever you are wearing.
I can never remember my dreams, but I assume you are always in them.
You are like a corner piece of a puzzle. Without you, I'm completely lost.
If the last two people on earth were us, I would have no problem repopulating it with you.
Out of all my friends you are the best at being single.
You inspire me and most likely strangers. Also, friends and stalkers. You are the inspiration to many.
I don't know if sarcasm is a skill, but you've certainly mastered it.
If you knew how much I think about you, I would be very embarrassed.
You are so beautiful I would certainly steal your photos, make a fake account and impress people online.
You're just as pretty as all the layers you hide behind.
Your face makes other people ugly.
I can't take my eyes off of you. Unless you notice me, then I'll quickly look away and act like it never happened.
Are you a beaver, because damn.
You're like the one sock that dissapears. I don't know what I did to lose you but I want you back.
If it was legal to marry food, I would still choose you over pizza.
You might be the primary reason for global warming.
I bet you make babies smile.
If there is one thing I like about you, its that I like more than one thing about you.
You have that kind of body that when others see it they realise they need to workout more.
You are more unique and wonderful than the smell of a new book.
The person who raised you deserves a medal for a job well done.
Did you have plastic surgery to become that attractive?
I'm not drunk, just intoxicated by you.
Talking to you is the best part of my day, aside from when I'm sleeping and when I'm eating.
For someone who has given birth, you look pretty good!
You're the nothing when people ask me whats on my mind.
You are awkward, in a cute way. Like an elevator ride, but with puppies.
It's too bad you don't see what I see, if you did you'd smile and keep looking.
You may not be really, really good looking. But you're pretty damn close.
Just like an untrained puppy. I'd really like to take you out.
You know what's awesome? Chocolate cake, oh and your face.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
Our time together is like a nap, it just doesn't last long enough.
Every day without you is like a day without my phone, I just don't know what to do with myself.
I'm really good at people-watching. I'm so glad I can share that hobby on you.
You make everything better. If people were more like you the world would be perfect.
You're not lazy, just that the people around you are way too active.
What two things can you never eat for breakfast? Lunch and Dinner.
What has a face and two hands but no arms or legs? A clock.
What tastes better than it smells? A Tongue.
What kind of room has no doors or windows? A Mushroom.
During what month do people sleep the least? February, it's the shortest month.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
What goes up and never comes down? Your Age.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
Two children are born on the same day from the same mother but they are not twins. How is that possible? They are triplets!
Johnny's mother had three children. The first child was named April The second child was named May. What was the third child's name? Johnny of course.
Before Mt. Everest was discovered, what was the highest mountain in the world? Mt. Everest; it just wasn't discovered yet.
How much dirt is there in a hole that measures two feet by three feet by four feet? There is no dirt in the hole.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
Which word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? Incorrectly
You can't keep this until you have given it. A promise.
What grows when it eats, but dies when it drinks? Fire.
What spends all the time on the floor but never gets dirty? Your Shadow.
What animal turns about 200 times around its axis after it dies? A roast chicken.
How many months in the year have 28 days? All of them.
A man goes out in heavy rain with nothing to protect him from it. His hair doesn't get wet. How does he do that? He is bald.
What part of the Turkey has the most feathers? The Outside.
Six fish are in the pond if three die how many are in the pond? Three.
What goes up and down but never moves? The stairs.
Ten ladies tried to fit under a small umbrella, none of them got wet. How did they do it? It wasn't raining!
Blonde: What does IDK stand for? 
Brunette: I don’t know 
Blonde: Why doesn’t anyone know!
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the eleven.
How come it takes so long to build a blonde snowman? Because you have to hollow out the head.
What did the blonde say when she saw the Cheerios box? "Omg, donut seeds!"
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, 'It’s dark in here isn’t it?' The other replied, 'I don’t know; I can’t see.'
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said 'concentrate'.
Why did the blonde scale the glass wall? To see what was on the other side.
Why were there bullet holes in the mirror? A blonde tried killing herself.
How did the blonde die while raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
How do you drown a blonde in a submarine? Knock on the door.
Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet? So she wouldn’t wake up the sleeping pills.
A blonde decided to paint a room. When her husband got home, he asked, 'Why are you wearing an Alaskan and a winter coat?' She replied, 'The can said for best results apply 2 coats.'
How can you make a blonde go on the roof? Tell her that drinks are on the house.
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it.
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
How did the blonde try to kill the bird? She threw it off a cliff.
Why can't blondes make ice cubes? They always forget the recipe.
Two blondes are facing each other across a wide stream. 
One yells to the other, 'How do you get to the other side?' 
The other blonde replies, 'You are on the other side!'
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in her ears.
How do you confuse a blonde? Put her in a circle and tell her to go to the corner.
Why did the blonde put water on her computer? To wash the Windows.
What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant.
A blonde crashed a helicopter. A police officer asked her what happened. She says, It got cold so I turned off the fan.
How do you keep a blonde busy for hours? Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
How can you tell when a brunette is actually a blonde who dyes her hair? When she trips over the cordless phone.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? I wonder if it's mine.
A man walks by a blonde, who is holding a pig. The man asks, "Where did you get her?" The pig answers, "I won her at the fair."
Three blondes girls were walking in the woods and came upon tracks. The first one said, "Look, it's deer tracks." The second one said, "No, it's wolf tracks" and before the third one could answer, they got hit by a train.
What's a blondes idea of safe sex? Lock the car doors.
What do you call a really smart blonde? A golden retriever.
What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common? You keep hearing about them, but never see any.
What did the blonde say when she looked into a box of Cheerios? "Oh look! Donut seeds!"
How did the blonde die drinking milk? The cow fell on her.
What do a blonde and a beer bottle have in common? They're both empty from the neck up.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them.
I got a compliment on my driving today said a blonde to her friend. There was a note left on my windshield it said “parking fine”.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
I am not lazy, I am on energy saving mode.
Life is short, smile while you still have teeth.
A balanced diet means a cupcake in each hand.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness so I don't intimidate you.
Sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
I’m sorry, if you were right, I’d agree with you.
Your life can't fall apart if you never had it together!
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Always remember that you're unique. Just like everyone else.
The answer you're looking for is inside of you, but it's wrong
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs.
An apple a day keeps anyone away if you throw it hard enough.
The more you weight the harder you are to kidnap. Stay safe, eat cake.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. How many pickled peppers did Peter Piper pick?
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Denise sees the fleece, 
Denise sees the fleas. 
At least Denise could sneeze 
and feed and freeze the fleas.
Sheena leads, Sheila needs.
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
Something in a thirty-acre thermal thicket of thorns and thistles thumped and thundered threatening the three-D thoughts of Matthew the thug - although, theatrically, it was only the thirteen-thousand thistles and thorns through the underneath of his thigh that the thirty year old thug thought of that morning.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
Seth at Sainsbury's sells thick socks.
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
Stupid superstition!
There was a fisherman named Fisher 
who fished for some fish in a fissure. 
Till a fish with a grin, 
pulled the fisherman in. 
Now they're fishing the fissure for Fisher.
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, 
In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, 
Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, 
From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block! 
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, 
In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, 
Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, 
From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block! 
A dull, dark dock, a life-long lock, 
A short, sharp shock, a big black block! 
To sit in solemn silence in a pestilential prison, 
And awaiting the sensation 
From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter, 'tis the peanut-butter picky people pick.
If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?
Luke Luck likes lakes. 
Luke's duck likes lakes. 
Luke Luck licks lakes. 
Luck's duck licks lakes. 
Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes. 
Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.
There those thousand thinkers were thinking how did the other three thieves go through.
Santa's Short Suit Shrunk
I scream, you scream, we all scream for icecream!
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses
One-one was a race horse. 
Two-two was one too. 
One-one won one race. 
Two-two won one too.
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards
Gobbling gorgoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Pirates Private Property
When you write copy you have the right to copyright the copy you write.
A big black bug bit a big black dog on his big black nose!
Ann and Andy's anniversary is in April.
Hassock hassock, black spotted hassock. Black spot on a black back of a black spotted hassock.
How many cookies could a good cook cook If a good cook could cook cookies? A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.
How much ground would a groundhog hog, if a groundhog could hog ground? A groundhog would hog all the ground he could hog, if a groundhog could hog ground.
How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot.
How much wood could Chuck Woods' woodchuck chuck, if Chuck Woods' woodchuck could and would chuck wood? If Chuck Woods' woodchuck could and would chuck wood, how much wood could and would Chuck Woods' woodchuck chuck? Chuck Woods' woodchuck would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood as any woodchuck would, if a woodchuck could and would chuck wood.
Mary Mac's mother's making Mary Mac marry me. 
My mother's making me marry Mary Mac. 
Will I always be so Merry when Mary's taking care of me? 
Will I always be so merry when I marry Mary Mac?
Mr. Tongue Twister tried to train his tongue to twist and turn, and twit an twat, to learn the letter "T".
Pete's pa pete poked to the pea patch to pick a peck of peas for the poor pink pig in the pine hole pig-pen.
She saw Sherif's shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure she saw Sherif's shoes on the sofa?
Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew. 
While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew. 
Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze. 
Freezy trees made these trees' cheese freeze. 
That's what made these three free fleas sneeze.
Rudder valve reversals
Birdie birdie in the sky laid a turdie in my eye. 
If cows could fly I'd have a cow pie in my eye.
How many cans can a cannibal nibble 
if a cannibal can nibble cans? 
As many cans as a cannibal can nibble 
if a cannibal can nibble cans.
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
Bobby Bippy bought a bat. 
Bobby Bippy bought a ball. 
With his bat Bob banged the ball 
Banged it bump against the wall 
But so boldly Bobby banged it 
That he burst his rubber ball 
"Boo!" cried Bobby 
Bad luck ball 
Bad luck Bobby, bad luck ball 
Now to drown his many troubles 
Bobby Bippy's blowing bubbles.
Black background, brown background, black background, brown background, black background, brown background.
Why do you cry, Willy? 
Why do you cry? 
Why, Willy? 
Why, Willy? 
Why, Willy? Why?
Tie twine to three tree twigs.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Three short sword sheaths.
Rolling red wagons
Green glass globes glow greenly.
The queen in green screamed.
I saw a saw that could out saw any saw I ever saw saw. If you happen to see a saw that can out saw the saw I saw saw I'd like to see the saw you saw saw.
How many berries could a bare berry carry, 
if a bare berry could carry berries? 
Well they can't carry berries 
(which could make you very wary) 
but a bare berry carried is more scary!
What did you have for breakfast? 
- rubber balls and liquor! 
What did you have for lunch? 
- rubber balls and liquor! 
What did you have for dinner? 
- rubber balls and liquor! 
What do you do when your sister comes home? 
- rubber balls and liquor!
Six slimy snails sailed silently.
I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.
Seven slick slimey snakes slowly sliding southward.
Roofs of mushrooms rarely mush too much.
He threw three balls.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Singing Sammy sung songs on sinking sand.
Rhys watched Ross switch his Irish wristwatch for a Swiss wristwatch.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
On a lazy laser raiser lies a laser ray eraser.
Scissors sizzle, thistles sizzle.
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks.
How much caramel can a canny canonball cram in a camel if a canny canonball can cram caramel in a camel?
He threw three free throws.
Fresh French fried fly fritters
Gig whip, gig whip, gig whip.
Eddie edited it.
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread. 
Spread it thick, say it quick! 
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread. 
Spread it thicker, say it quicker! 
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread. 
Don't eat with your mouth full!
Wow, race winners really want red wine right away!
The ruddy widow really wants ripe watermelon and red roses when winter arrives.
How many sheets could a sheet slitter slit if a sheet slitter could slit sheets?
Chester Cheetah chews a chunk of cheep cheddar cheese.
If you're keen on stunning kites and cunning stunts, 
buy a cunning stunning stunt kite.
Two tiny tigers take two taxis to town.
Yally Bally had a jolly golliwog. Feeling folly, Yally Bally Bought his jolly golli' a dollie made of holly! The golli', feeling jolly, named the holly dollie, Polly. So Yally Bally's jolly golli's holly dollie Polly's also jolly!
Tommy Tucker tried to tie Tammy's Turtles tie.
Excited executioner exercising his excising powers excessively.
Double bubble gum, bubbles double.
Octopus ocular optics.
This is the sixth zebra snoozing thoroughly.
A slimey snake slithered down the sandy sahara.
I eat eel while you peel eel
Suzie Seaword's fish-sauce shop sells unsifted thistles for thistle-sifters to sift.
It's not the cough that carries you off, 
it's the coffin they carry you off in!
Mo mi mo me send me a toe, 
Me me mo mi get me a mole, 
Mo mi mo me send me a toe, 
Fe me mo mi get me a mole, 
Mister kister feet so sweet, 
Mister kister where will I eat !?
Will you, William? Will you, William? Will you, William? 
Can't you, don't you, won't you, William?
I wish you were a fish in my dish
She stood on the balcony, inexplicably mimicking him hiccuping, and amicably welcoming him in.
The big black bug bit the big black bear, 
but the big black bear bit the big black bug back!
Dust is a disk's worst enemy.
I see a sea down by the seashore. 
But which sea do you see down by the seashore?
As one black bug, bled blue, black blood. The other black bug bled blue.
I'm not the fig plucker, 
nor the fig plucker's son, 
but I'll pluck figs 
till the fig plucker comes.
A gazillion gigantic grapes gushed 
gradually giving gophers gooey guts.
Thin grippy thick slippery.
A tree toad loved a she-toad, 
Who lived up in a tree. 
He was a three-toed tree toad, 
But a two-toed toad was she. 
The three-toed tree toad tried to win, 
The two-toed she-toad's heart, 
For the three-toed tree toad loved the ground, 
That the two-toed tree toad trod. 
But the three-toed tree toad tried in vain. 
He couldn't please her whim. 
From her tree toad bower, 
With her two-toed power, 
The she-toad vetoed him.
The owner of the inside inn was inside his inside inn with his inside outside his inside inn.
If you notice this notice, 
you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.
If you understand, say "understand". 
If you don't understand, say "don't understand". 
But if you understand and say "don't understand". 
how do I understand that you understand. Understand!?
She sees cheese.
Five frantic frogs fled from fifty fierce fishes.
One smart fellow, he felt smart. 
Two smart fellows, they felt smart. 
Three smart fellows, they felt smart. 
Four smart fellows, they felt smart. 
Five smart fellows, they felt smart. 
Six smart fellows, they felt smart.
Seven sleazy shysters in sharkskin suits sold sheared sealskins to seasick sailors.
Love's a feeling you feel when you feel 
you're going to feel the feeling you've never felt before.
Silly sheep weep and sleep.
Real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels.
I slit a sheet, a sheet I slit, upon a slitted sheet I sit.
A pessimistic pest exists amidst us.
Knife and a fork bottle and a cork 
that is the way you spell New York. 
Chicken in the car and the car can go, 
that is the way you spell Chicago.
Five fuzzy French frogs Frolicked through the fields in France.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Buckets of bug blood, buckets of bug blood, buckets of bug blood.
I'm a sock cutter and I cut socks. 
I'm a sock cutter and I cut socks. 
I'm a sock cutter and I cut socks.
If coloured caterpillars could change their colours constantly could they keep their coloured coat coloured properly?
Thirty-three thousand people think that Thursday is their thirtieth birthday.
How many saws could a see-saw saw if a see-saw could saw saws?
As he gobbled the cakes on his plate, 
the greedy ape said as he ate, 
the greener green grapes are, 
the keener keen apes are 
to gobble green grape cakes, 
they're great!
Shut up the shutters and sit in the shop.
A fly and flea flew into a flue, 
said the fly to the flea 'what shall we do?' 
'let us fly' said the flea 
said the fly 'shall we flee' 
so they flew through a flaw in the flue.
How much dew does a dewdrop drop 
If dewdrops do drop dew? 
They do drop, they do 
As do dewdrops drop 
If dewdrops do drop dew.
If Kantie can tie a tie and untie a tie, 
why can't I tie a tie and untie a tie like Kantie can.
Bake big batches of bitter brown bread
Which wristwatch is a Swiss wristwatch?
Whoever slit the sheets is a good sheet slitter.
Crush grapes, grapes crush, crush grapes.
A black bloke's back brake-block broke.
Fresh fried fish, 
Fish fresh fried, 
Fried fish fresh, 
Fish fried fresh.
There was a minimum of cinnamon in the aluminium pan.
Big black bugs bleed blue black blood but baby black bugs bleed blue blood.
Elizabeth has eleven elves in her elm tree.
Tie a knot, tie a knot. 
Tie a tight, tight knot. 
Tie a knot in the shape of a nought.
Red blood, green blood, red blood, green blood, red blood, green blood.
Busy buzzing bumble bees.
A lump of red leather, a red leather lump
I shot the city sheriff. 
I shot the city sheriff. 
I shot the city sheriff.
Purple paper people, purple paper people, purple paper people.
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
Dimensional analysis
It's a nice night for a white rice fight.
If practice makes perfect and perfect needs practice, I’m perfectly practiced and practically perfect.
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
Pad kid poured curd pulled cold.
How many snacks could a snack stacker stack, if a snack stacker snacked stacked snacks?
No need to light a night-light on a light night like tonight.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory.
KID: "Hey, I was thinking… " DAD: "I thought I smelled something burning.”
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
19 Jokes Only Grammar Nerds Will Understand
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there!
20th Century Fox
21 Jokes So Clever You Probably Won't Understand Them
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
FAST FOOD WORKER: "Any condiments?" DAD: "Compliments? You look very nice today!”
23 Jokes That Are Both Stupid And Smart
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I’m looking for the man who shot my paw."
When you ask a dad if he's alright: "No, I’m half left.”
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there? European.
GROCERY STORE CHECKER: "Paper or plastic?" DAD: "Either, I’m bisacktual.”
How do you tell the difference between a frog and a horny toad? A frog says, "Ribbit, ribbit" and a horny toad says, "Rub it, rub it.”
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
MOM: "How do I look?" DAD: "With your eyes."
What is Beethoven’s favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na.
What did the horse say after it tripped? "Help! I’ve fallen and I can’t giddyup!”
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. If the cow has no legs, then it’s ground beef.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.
When an ambulance zips past with its siren blaring: "They won’t sell much ice cream driving that fast.”
When a dad drives past a cow pasture: LOOK! That cow is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? It was two tired.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... it's tearable.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracadabrador.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
WAITRESS: "Soup or salad?" DAD: "I don’t want a SUPER salad, I want a regular salad.”
The fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.
NURSE: "Blood type?" DAD: "Red."
SERVER: "Sorry about your wait." DAD: "Are you saying I’m fat?”
KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you’re a sandwich!”
What do you call a fish with two knees? A “two-knee” fish.
You know what the loudest pet you can get is? A trumpet.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!
I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea!
Can February March? No, but April May!
What do you call a lonely cheese? Provolone.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
When you ask a dad if they got a haircut: "No, I got them all cut!"
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!”
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño your face.
Why wasn't the woman happy with the velcro she bought? It was a total ripoff.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Where did the college-aged vampire like to shop? Forever 21.
You heard of that new band 1023MB? They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
DAD, TO A SINGER: "Don’t forget a bucket." SINGER: "Why?"  DAD: "To carry your tune."
Why did the crab never share? Because he's shellfish.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here."
