A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?
Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items.
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
Anything exciting going on this week?
Are bigger or small schools better?
Are there a lot of parks around where you live?
Are there any apps on your phone that you can’t live without?
Are there any books you would really recommend I read?
Are there any comedians you really like?
Are there any facts you learned that caused you to change how you lived your life?
Are there any foods that you absolutely would not eat?
Are there any social media outlets that you don’t like but have to be on them because of friends or family?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
Are you a giver, a taker, or a matcher? Are there areas in your life where you act like one type, and other areas where you act like another? [Here’s the Giver/Taker Test]
Are you a long way from home?
Are you a very organized person?
Are you concerned about the rise of self-driving cars?
Are you good at cooking?
Are you good with your hands?
Are you reading any good books right now? I’d love some recommendations. How about shows?
Are you talking about the last episode in the second season of Stranger Things? What terrified me the most was…
Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
As an expert in [field], I’d love to hear your thoughts on [event, announcement, major change].
Ask whether he or she only eats food from a specific culture? If yes, ask them to give you reasons?
At what age would you like to retire?
Avoid asking exactly where they live. You don’t need to know their address. Just keep it to general areas.
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
Besides dogs or domestic cats do you have any favorite animals?
By any chance, do you know of any good tour agencies near our office?
By the way, do you know any good game apps for the daily trip to work?
Can a person learn to be happier?
Can you play any musical instruments?
Can you swim? How did you learn?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
Can’t wait to hear how [initiative, project, personal decision] goes! Let’s catch up at the next [work party, conference, meeting, get-together].
Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share ..."
Did you enjoy where you grew up?
Did you go to college? What did you major in?
Did you have any of your role models let you down?
Did you hear about (news story)?
Did you order this beautiful weather?
Did you read comics when you were a kid?
Did you take any extra courses in Python? What school can you recommend?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
Do you ever contribute to charities?
Do you ever go to art museums?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn’t.)
Do you fancy playing ping pong? Maybe we could have one game after work or during lunch break?
Do you feel like fall and spring are getting shorter?
Do you go swimming often? Where do you usually go swimming?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
Do you have a stand-alone camera or do you usually just use your phone?
Do you have any brands that you are really loyal to?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any children?
Do you have any good luck charms or rituals?
Do you have any hidden talents or surprising hobbies?
Do you have any hobbies?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Do you have any podcast suggestions for my commute?
Do you have any surprising hobbies or hidden talents you want to talk about?
Do you have any team-building activities like football or table games?
Do you have any unusual skills or talents?
Do you have food fights? When was the last time you had one?
Do you know any other languages?
Do you know how to get to work from the centre to avoid spending an hour in a traffic jam?
Do you know of any good restaurants serving Italian cuisine near our office? I have a meeting with a customer who adores pasta.
Do you like (sport you like)?
Do you like air travel, road travel or sea travel? Or, what is your favorite mode of transportation and why?
Do you like alternative music? It seems I’ve overheard a  Bastille track through your headphones… and what do you think of Muse?
Do you like beer or cocktails more? What types?
Do you like board or card games?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like coffee?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
Do you like exercising or lifting weights?
Do you like fishing?
Do you like going to beaches?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Do you like hiking?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
Do you like it?
Do you like playing cards? What kind of games do you know how to play?
Do you like reading books?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Do you like the car you have now?
Do you like to confine yourself to famous cities or go off the beaten path when traveling abroad?
Do you like your job?
Do you live close to your family?
Do you long to go back to your old life before Facebook, Twitter and Instagram?
Do you need any introductions?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or sport more fun? Why?
Do you prefer action-packed vacations or relaxing on the beach?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
Do you prefer having a lot of friends or just a few close ones?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
Do you prefer shopping online or in person?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
Do you sing in the car while you are listening to music?
Do you stay in touch with your old childhood friends?
Do you still go to a lot of family gatherings?
Do you take a lot of pictures?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
Do you think a lot of change is healthy or unhealthy for a person?
Do you think alien life exists?
Do you think all the hype about privacy is warranted?
Do you think any charities aren’t worth supporting?
Do you think humanity is headed in a good direction?
Do you think people are born good singers or can someone learn to be a good singer?
Do you think people are happier on average now than they were in the past?
Do you think people read more or less books now than 50 years ago?
Do you think some people are born lucky or do you think people make their own luck?
Do you think that advertising affects your buying choices?
Do you think that intelligent aliens have ever or will ever visit earth?
Do you think that online / app dating or more traditional ways of dating are better?
Do you think that VR will become mainstream in the near future?
Do you think the internet would survive without advertising?
Do you think there are intelligent aliens in our galaxy?
Do you think we’ll find microscopic alien life in our own solar system?
Do you think younger or older people are happier? Why?
Do you try to keep up with the latest fashion?
Do you use a selfie stick?
Do you usually achieve goals you set? Why or why not?
Do you usually follow trends or just do your own thing?
Do you usually go out or have friends over when you have a few drinks?
Do you usually listen to music, talk radio, podcasts, or silence while driving?
Do you wish there were more or less holidays? Why?
Does anyone on our team like boxing? I’m just looking for a sparring partner.
Does fashion help society in any way?
Does government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should government regulate food?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Does your family have any “secret” or famous recipes?
Everyone wastes time? How do you prefer to waste time?
Excuse me, I’m going to use the restroom. Enjoy the rest of the [event, party, conference].
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
Given the chance, would you go to colonize Mars if you knew you would never be coming back to Earth?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
Have you been to any concerts recently?
Have you been to any concerts recently?
Have you done any volunteering?
Have you ever done karaoke? What’s your go to song?
Have you ever faced any trouble in a foreign country? Can you share your experience with rest of us?
Have you ever had a garden? Would you like to have a garden?
Have you ever read any book in your life? What is your favorite book? What was the last book you read?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life? How about a person’s life?
Have you ever spoke in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
Have you ever succeeded in breaking a bad habit?
Have you ever thought of a cool invention or company, only to discover someone had already invented or started it?
Have you ever tried a dating site or app? How did it go?
Have you ever won money playing cards?
Have you ever worked incredibly hard in your life? When was the last time you were so committed?
Have you heard anything good about that expo in the Gallery? My girlfriend wants to visit it, and I’m more into that new movie with Tom Cruise.
Have you seen (TV show you like)?
Have you seen that beautiful waterfall in your trip to Dumbría? And how about the rest of Galicia? What are your best and worst impressions?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
How about console or PC games?
How about intelligent alien life?
How about now, what are your favorite holidays now that you are older?
How accurate do you think stereotypes are?
How are things going?
How are your coworkers?
How are your efforts in [related business area]?
How bad would it be if you Google search results were made public?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How can I be most helpful to you right now? 
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?
How comfortable are you with change?
How concerned about privacy are you?
How creative are you?
How did you and your best friend meet?
How did you become a [job title]?
How did you choose to work in [field]? If you could go back in time, would you make that same choice again?
How did you end up at [name of event]? If you could snap your fingers to instantly summon your [coworker, boss, best friend], would you? Why or why not?
How did you get started?
How did you like it?
How different will alien life be to life on Earth?
How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?
How do you best connect with others?
How do you compare your own country with the ones you have visited? Or, what are the most striking cultural differences?
How do you deal with jet lag during and after your business trips?
How do you express gratitude towards others? Give me an example.
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
How do you get your news?
How do you like to be comforted when you’re upset?
How do you like your neighborhood?
How do you like your phone?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
How do you take your coffee?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
How do you think you’ll adapt to retirement?
How do you usually find good restaurants?
How fast do you read?
How good are you at finishing what you start?
How good are you at fixing things?
How good are you at taking care of plants?
How good of a dancer are you?
How good of a singer are you?
How has business changed since we talked last?
How has retirement changed over the years?
How has technology changed the music industry?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How important is creativity for your job?
How is where you grew up different from where you live now?
How is your commute?
How long do you think you would have survived in prehistoric times?
How long have you been doing them?
How long have you been married?
How long have you had your current car?
How long have you known your best friend?
How long have you worked as a (insert job title)?
How long have you worked there?
How long would you like to live?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
How many countries have you traveled so far? You could talk about a country for hours if both of you happened to have visited it.
How many cups do you usually drink a day?
How many phones have you lost or broken?
How many siblings do you have?
How much did where you grew up shape you?
How much do you follow news about celebrities?
How much do you follow the news?
How much do you plan for the future?
How much free time do you have?
How much sleep do you need to function? Do you usually get more or less than that?
How much time do you spend on social media?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
How often do you binge watch shows?
How often do you check your phone?
How often do you curse?
How often do you get a new phone?
How often do you get out into nature?
How often do you go camping?
How often do you go on hikes?
How often do you go to a beach?
How often do you go to a café?
How often do you go to botanical gardens?
How often do you go to parks?
How often do you go to the library?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
How often do you play cards?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
How often do you window shop?
How old do you want to live to?
How should success be measured? By that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
How stressed are you on a daily basis?
How were your holidays? Oh… good, my fine too, I finally found time to watch a sequel of The Avengers. Have you seen it?
How widespread is corruption in your country / state / city / job?
How would you describe your boss? What are his strengths and weaknesses?
How would you describe your look?
How’s life in [city]?
I like a friendly atmosphere in this office. How long have you worked here?
I noticed that you stay late after work, is it expected work overtime on our team?
I see my [friend, coworker, client] over there and should probably go say hi. Want to exchange contact info?
I’m curious to know your story.
I’m going to go grab [some food, a drink]. Great to [meet you, catch up].
I’m going to go with clubs you join. But if the person you are talking to is into clubbing you can talk about clubs they like to go to.
I’ve heard there’s a parking lot for bikes near our office. Do you know where it is exactly? Oh, you take a bike too… that ’s great…
I’ve heard you went to Europe a couple of times. Is it worth going in winter?
I’ve heard you were at the Kaleo concert, what was it like?
I’ve seen your recent FB post about swimming across the Gibraltar Strait. What was it like?  
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
If a genie granted you three wishes right now, what would you wish for?
If given an opportunity, which person you want to become right now and why?
If some of the lesser known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
If someone gave you enough money to start a business – no strings attached – what kind of business would you want to start and why?
If there were 26 hours in a day, what would you do more of?
If this was Groundhog Day and you had to repeat this day over and over, would you be relatively happy or unhappy about this particular day?
If you are told that you can only eat one food for rest of your life, what will you choose? Or, what is the one food you will not even taste in your life no matter what?
If you could bring back one TV show that was cancelled, which one would you bring back?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one hour conversation, who would you call?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
If you could enter a time machine, what time period would you go to?
If you could fly anywhere for free, where would you go?
If you could go back in time, what’s one piece of advice you’d give to your younger self?
If you could go back one year in time, what would you do differently?
If you could have a faster than light space ship and could go anywhere in space, where would you go?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you could have any job you wanted, that would it be?
If you could have any type of animal for a pet, what would it be?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
If you could master any form of dancing, what type of dancing would you master?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only watch one genre of movies for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could play any musical instrument like a master without any effort, what instrument would you choose?
If you could take a workcation or sabbatical, where would you go and what would you do?
If you could take a year-long paid sabbatical, what would you do?
If you could teach a college course on any subject you want, what would it be?
If you could turn one of your current skills into a bona fide superpower, which would it be and why?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If you didn’t care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
If you do get a chance to learn one programming language, what would it be? Better ask this question to a boy or man. It is one of the worst stereotypes. But – have you ever found a girl who enjoys talking about programming and other compute stuff. However, I am pretty sure such girls do exist.
If you ever decide to relocate to another country, which country would it be?
If you had $100,000 to give away to any cause, which cause would you choose and why?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
If you were a king / queen, what would your throne look like?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.
If you were guaranteed to be successful, what job would you want?
If you were hosting this event, [who would you invite to speak, which theme would you have chosen, what would you have done differently]?
If you were in charge of picking the eighth wonder of the world, what would you choose?
If you were on the run from the police for a crime you didn’t commit, where would you go?
If you were responsible for catering [event], what would you order?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?
If you were to start a club, what kind of club would it be?
If you weren’t working here, what would you probably be doing right now?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
If your mind was an island, what would it look like?
In 10 years, how would you like to describe your life?
In what situations do you feel most comfortable sharing your perspective?
Is creativity something that can be learned?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
Is it true that Thai food tastes differently in Bangkok and other countries at the same chain restaurants?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
Is there anything I can [help you with, do for you]?
Is there anything you are naturally good at?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
Is there something you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it yet?
It’s two days in a row now that I cannot find any good TV series to watch. What are you at?
Just a heads up, this can sometimes make the person you are talking to think you want to make plans with / date them.
Let’s alternate sharing three positive characteristics of each other.
Looks like rain is in the forecast.
Lovely day, don't you think?
Make three true “we” statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling ..."
Name four things we have in common.
Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common.
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?
Oh, my gosh. You will not believe what happened to me!
On a scale of 1-10, how strict or lenient are your parents?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
Share a personal problem and ask your partner’s advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.
Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life.
Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.
Talk about some of the interesting people you have met while traveling.
Tell me about a challenge you’ve been having at work or school, and ask me for advice on what to do about it.
Tell me about a day you had that you’ll never forget.
Tell me about a relationship issue you’re having, and ask me for advice on how to fix it.
Tell me about your highlights at [company name].
Tell me about your latest work win.
Tell me about your lowlights at [company name].
Tell me something weird about you.
Tell me three things that happened in the last week that you’re thankful for.
Tell me your life story in four minutes, with as many deets as possible.
Tell your partner something that you like about them already.
Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.
That is an interesting line of work, how did you get into it?
The next session is starting soon, so I’m going to go find my room. It was nice meeting you!
This has been great -- thanks for telling me about X. Do you have a card?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
We’ve discussed your role before, but it’s probably evolved since then.
Well, glad we got the chance to connect over [topic]. I don’t want to dominate your [morning, afternoon, night] -- I’m going to [check out the snacks, say hello to someone, take a walk around the venue, etc.]
Weren’t you scared to climb that mountain? What was the most challenging thing about the whole trip?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What actor or actress will you watch no matter how bad the ratings for the movie are?
What actors or actresses only play one character in every movie they are in?
What ads annoy you the most?
What ads are the most effective?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
What annoys you the most? Or, name one popular thing or person whom you find really annoying?
What app do you spend the most time on?
What app do you wish you didn’t have to use?
What app would you suggest everyone get?
What apps have changed your life a lot?
What are five things you’re thankful for right now?
What are some clever or funny ads you have seen?
What are some current trends you just can’t get behind?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What are some good fitness clubs or gyms not far from here?
What are some of the worst instances of corruption you’ve heard about?
What are some of your favorite comedies?
What are some of your favorite photos you’ve taken?
What are some podcasts that you used to be into but you don’t listen do anymore?
What are some positive stereotypes?
What are some shows that ended that you were really into?
What are some skills that you think everyone should learn?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
What are some things that are bandied about as facts but aren’t true?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What are some things you want to achieve before you die?
What are some truly bizarre websites you’ve been to?
What are the best cheap eats around here?
What are the biggest upsides and downsides of being famous?
What are the five most important things on your bucket list?
What are the most useful skills you have?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What are the top three ways to express your love in friendships and in relationships? (Here’s the Love Languages Quiz)
What are you best at?
What are you curious about?
What are you currently reading?
What are you getting up to this weekend?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What are you happy about?
What are you looking forward to? 
What are you reading/watching/listening to that I need to know about?
What are you really terrible at?
What are you the best at cooking?
What are you the worst at cooking?
What are you worried about?
What are your biggest goals for this year? How will you work to achieve them?
What are your favorite three topics to talk about?
What are your goals for the next two years?
What are your guilty pleasures?
What are your plans for (upcoming holiday)?
What are your plans for the weekend?
What are your top three strengths? Which strengths do you look for in a friend or partner? [Take the VIA Strengths Test]
What awards or trophies have you won?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What book genres do you like to read?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
What book has had the biggest impact on your life?
What book has influenced you the most?
What book is overrated?
What brand has seriously gone downhill?
What brands are not worth the extra money they charge? What brands are worth the extra money?
What can I do to help you achieve [X goal]?
What can I do to make you even more successful?
What car would you like to have?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What cartoons or shows did you watch when you were a kid?
What charities do you think are most worthwhile?
What clubs have you been a part of?
What comes up when you Google your name?
What common misconceptions do people have about your hobby?
What cool non-work projects are you working on right now?
What culture do you identify most with?
What current trend is going to look the silliest in 10 years?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
What did you do on your last vacation?
What did you like / dislike about (place they traveled)?
What did you think you were going to be growing up?
What did you try to fix but it ended up just making it worse?
What discovery could be made that would completely change the course of humanity?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
What do direction do you think the internet is headed in?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
What do you do in your free time?
What do you do that makes you happy in the short term but makes you unhappy in the long term?
What do you do that requires you to be creative?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What do you do to stay active?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
What do you do?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What do you like / hate shopping for?
What do you like to do in spring?
What do you like to do on rainy days?
What do you like to have in a restaurant? Can delicious food compensate for poor hygiene or lack of atmosphere?
What do you look for when you get a new phone?
What do you miss about being a kid?
What do you think about (animal) as a pet?
What do you think about (current news story)?
What do you think about (popular player / team that is doing well)?
What do you think about (popular TV show)?
What do you think about English becoming the default language?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What do you think about most?
What do you think about movies in Spanish? I’ve seen Amenábar’s Tesis, and I was really impressed. The movie is old but so worth seeing…
What do you think about Ocean’s 8 compared to the trilogy with George Clooney?
What do you think about reality TV? Why is it so popular?
What do you think about the flood of super hero movies and TV shows?
What do you think about the speed of change happening in the world today?
What do you think could be done to improve online dating and dating apps?
What do you think doesn’t get enough news coverage?
What do you think has been the biggest change that has happened in the last 50 years?
What do you think is the most common type of corruption?
What do you think is the most important skill every person should have to succeed?
What do you think is the strangest talent that you have?
What do you think leads to long term happiness?
What do you think life will be like in 10 / 25 / 50 / 100 years?
What do you think of buffets?
What do you think of demons, genies, spirits and things like that?
What do you think of homeschooling?
What do you think of modern art?
What do you think of online education?
What do you think of standardized tests?
What do you think of stay-cations? (Vacationing and seeing tourist attractions where you live.)
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
What do you think of tour group packages?
What do you think the latest technological advancements will lead us? Are they doing more harm than good?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What do you think the oldest sport still being played is?
What do you think would be the hardest language to learn?
What do you think would be the most useful thing you could do with virtual reality?
What do you usually do when you are at a park?
What do you usually do when you hang out with your friends?
What do you usually take pictures of?
What do you usually take with you when you go camping?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What do you want your legacy to be?
What do you wish you had more time for?
What do you wish you had placed in a time capsule 15 years ago?
What do you wish you were better at?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What does friendship mean to you?
What does your friend / coworker / roommate that bugs you to no end?
What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
What excites you right now? 
What fads or interests were you really into when you were younger?
What family traditions do you have?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t help yourself?
What food do you love or absolutely hate? What are the reasons you like or hate a particular dish?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What fruit flavor do you love but aren’t crazy about the actual fruit?
What fruit is the biggest pain to eat?
What game on your phone or tablet are you really into now?
What games did you play as a child?
What gets too much attention in the news?
What goals have you achieved so far?
What goals have you realized just aren’t going to happen?
What good / bad memories of beaches do you have?
What good restaurants do you know of around here?
What historical figure was not as great as people think they are?
What hobbies did you have when you were younger?
What holiday do you wish existed?
What holidays have been over commercialized?
What home improvement project would you like to attempt?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is more important to you? Good job, a big house or a beautiful caring wife?
What is one of your defining moments?
What is one thing about the world you would like to change overnight?
What is one thing you will leave your current job for?
What is something that is popular now that annoys you?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What is the best bit of advice you have ever received from your seniors or mentors?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
What is the best thing do on hot / cold / sunny / windy days?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is the coolest piece of art you’ve seen?
What is the coolest thing you’ve made?
What is the coolest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What is the funniest TV show you have ever watched?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
What is the longest book you have read?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What is the longest you’ve been offline?
What is the most annoying app you have tried?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What is the most dangerous type of corruption?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard about that happened at a restaurant?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
What is the most heroic profession?
What is the most interesting period of history?
What is the most overrated movie?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What is the most useful language to know?
What is the most useful site you’ve used?
What is the next big thing you want to accomplish?
What is the perfect age to be?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What is the silliest goal you have?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve Googled?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
What is your boss fixated on right now?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite movie and why?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack and why?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What is your favorite restaurant? What do you most like about that particular restaurant?
What is your favorite shirt?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your most terrible memory?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your spirit animal?
What kind of art do you like?
What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?
What kind of coffee do you usually order at a café?
What kind of crafts have you done?
What kind of culture did you grow up in?
What kind of hobbies did you have when you were growing up?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What kind of jobs have you worked at?
What kind of kid were you when you were in high school?
What kind of music are you into?
What kind of music are you into?
What kind of podcast would you start if you were given the chance?
What kind of sense of humor do you have?
What kind of things get on your nerves more than they should?
What kind of volunteer would you like to try?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
What kinds of people do you follow?
What kinds of things are you interested in learning more about?
What kinds of things do you pick up easily?
What language do you wish you could learn?
What level of popularity do people have to have to be considered famous?
What makes a person a good role model?
What makes you happy?
What makes you like / dislike a celebrity?
What makes you nervous?
What matters most to you?
What moments or events during your childhood shaped who you are now?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
What music did you like when you were younger?
What music did you like when you were younger?
What musical instruments have you tried playing?
What old trend is coming back these days?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use on a regular basis?
What part of (city you are in) do you live in?
What personal goals do you have?
What pet would you like to have?
What pets have you had?
What phone do you have?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
What place do I really need to see?
What podcast do you always start up as soon as it hits your feed?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What profession requires the most creativity?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
What scifi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What should a newbie do to make this printer work? Thanks, how long did it take you to get used to all new staff at the workplace?
What show do I really need to check out?
What shows do you watch?
What skills would you like to learn?
What small things do you consider rude?
What smell brings back great memories?
What social media platform do you spend the most time on?
What social media platform do you use most often?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What sports do you like to watch?
What sports do you like to watch? What is your favorite team?
What stereotypes apply to you? Do you think they are accurate?
What stereotypes are the most hurtful?
What still needs to be changed?
What stresses you out but really shouldn’t?
What stresses you out the most?
What subjects were hardest for you in school?
What super power would you like to have?
What surprised you the most about your current job?
What teams do you follow?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What three words best describe you?
What to do you prefer? Apple or Samsung?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What TV shows are at the top of your list? Perhaps, you could recommend me something.
What type of movies do you like?
What types of books do you like?
What was the best / worst beach you’ve been do?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
What was the best mobile game you’ve played?
What was the best time period of your life? What do you think will be the best time period of your entire life?
What was the biggest fish you have ever caught?
What was the first car you owned?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What was the funniest incident ever in your life? Can you share it with us in detail?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last concert you went to? How was it?
What was the last funny video you saw?
What was the last game you went to?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
What was the last song you listened to?
What was the last thing you fixed?
What was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
What was the longest hike you’ve done?
What was the luckiest thing that happened to you?
What was the most beautiful hike you’ve been on?
What was the most over hyped place you’ve traveled to?
What was the must-have accessory or item when you were growing up?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
What was the worst thing you did when you were a child?
What was your best / worst camping trip?
What was your college apartment / dorm like?
What was your elementary / junior high / high school like?
What was your favorite book as a child?
What was your favorite extracurricular in elementary school?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were in university? How about when you were a child?
What was your first job?
What was your first job? Did you like it or hate it?
What was your first job? Did you like it?
What was your first smart phone? How did you feel when you got it?
What was your hometown like?
What was your most epic cooking failure?
What websites do you spend the most time on?
What weird foods have you tried?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What were some of the best and worst things about where you grew up?
What were you like in high school?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
What were your favorite holidays when you were a child?
What will be some of the benefits of self-driving cars?
What will be the future of TV shows?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What will the future of education be?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
What words do you know in other languages?
What would be the most entertaining or interesting thing you could do with VR?
What would be your ideal superpower?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?
What would you do on your “perfect” day?
What would you like to do once you retire?
What would you possibly be doing if you were not working here?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
What’s a bad habit that you just can’t seem to break?
What’s a book you hated that everyone else loved, and vice versa?
What’s a good habit you’d like to start?
What’s awesome in your life right now?
What’s been the highlight of your [day, week, month] so far?
What’s on the internet that you couldn’t live without?
What’s some of the best advice you’ve ever gotten?
What’s something I’ve done for you that you’re grateful for?
What’s something that’s easy to bring in for lunch that isn’t a sandwich?
What’s something you want to do in the next year that you’ve never done before?
What’s stressing you out these days?
What’s the best / worst / most interesting job you’ve had?
What’s the best / worst thing about being a (their job)?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work / school?
What’s the best “hidden gem” around here?
What’s the best and worst thing about popular culture?
What’s the best career advice you’ve ever received? How about the worst?
What’s the best pet name you can come up for a specific type of pet? (Like these orange cat names.)
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
What’s the best road trip you’ve been on?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best thing about living in that part of town
What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What’s the best way to discover new music?
What’s the best way to relieve stress?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
What’s the coolest looking plant you’ve seen?
What’s the coolest road trip you’ve ever been on?
What’s the coolest/best/funniest/worst/whathaveyou thing that’s happened to you lately?
What’s the craziest thing a boss has ever asked you to do?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done and would you do it again?
What’s the farthest you’ve been from civilization?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
What’s the last book you read?
What’s the last movie that made you cry? Or laugh aloud?
What’s the last movie you saw in theatres? What did you think?
What’s the last movie you saw?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without sleeping?
What’s the longest you’ve worked at a job?
What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?
What’s the most exciting thing about your business?
What’s the most exciting thing about your industry?
What’s the most exciting thing about your product?
What’s the most exciting thing about your team?
What’s the most important lesson people can learn from history?
What’s the most interesting fact you know?
What’s the most memorable part of this [name of event] so far?
What’s the most out-of-character thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the most significant change at your company in the past six months?
What’s the most unbelievable thing that’s ever happened to you?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s the next trip you have planned?
What’s the strangest compliment you’ve ever gotten?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the worst storm you’ve been through?
What’s your best / worst habit?
What’s your biggest priority right now?
What’s your earliest memory?
What’s your favorite (Mexican/ Thai / Vietnamese / etc.) restaurant around here?
What’s your favorite / least favorite fruit?
What’s your favorite / least favorite place to drive?
What’s your favorite album?
What’s your favorite album?
What’s your favorite app on your phone?
What’s your favorite band / singer?
What’s your favorite band / singer?
What’s your favorite book?
What’s your favorite drink?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
What’s your favorite flavor?
What’s your favorite food / ethnic food / restaurant / thing to cook / seasonal food?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
What’s your favorite ice cream brand or shop?
What’s your favorite memory we’ve shared together? Gimme as many details as possible.
What’s your favorite movie?
What’s your favorite natural setting to be in?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What’s your favorite outdoor activity?
What’s your favorite pizza place near here?
What’s your favorite place you’ve been?
What’s your favorite quote?
What’s your favorite restaurant that other people don’t tend to know about?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
What’s your favorite thing to do around here on the weekends?
What’s your favorite thing to do at the beach?
What’s your favorite type of weather?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What’s your go to restaurant when you want to eat out but can’t decide where to go?
What’s your go-to comfort food?
What’s your ideal weekend?
What’s your industry like right now?
What’s your LEAST favorite place?
What’s your lowest priority?
What’s your number one most important metric?
What’s your progress on [X goal]?
What’s your secret for getting a good night’s sleep?
What’s your superpower?
What's the best thing that's happened to you this year? 
What's the most important thing I should know about you? 
What's your story?
When are you happiest?
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
When did you move there?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food) do you feel the need to correct them? (i.e. sushi / sashimi or stromboli / calzone)
When shopping for clothes / shoes, do you prefer to shop alone or with other people?
When was the last time you did something for the first time? Were you glad you tried it?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
When was the last time you went fishing?
When was the last time you went to a beach?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Where are the top three places you want to travel to some day, and why?
Where are you planning to go for your next vacation?
Where did you go last weekend? What did you do?
Where did you go to college / high school?
Where did you live before this? What are the biggest differences you see?
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
Where do you spend most of your free time / day?
Where do you think the best place to live is for the type of weather you like?
Where do you usually dance?
Where do you usually get your coffee fix?
Where do you usually shop for clothes / shoes / groceries?
Where do you usually shop for clothes at? Why there?
Where do you wish you could go?
Where have you been camping?
Where have you been on vacation?
Where is the best park you’ve been to?
Where is the best place to go hiking near you?
Where is the best place to take a date?
Where is the most awe inspiring place you have been?
Where is the most beautiful / dirtiest place you’ve swum?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
Where is your favorite place to fish?
Where there any clubs you joined but then immediately realized it wasn’t what you expected?
Where was your best ice cream experience?
Where was your favorite place to go as a child and why did you love it there?
Where would you like settle down after you retire?
Where would you like to travel next?
Where’s the best / worst place you’ve lived?
Where’s the last place you traveled? What did you do there?
Which actor or actress used to be really popular but has fallen off the radar?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
Which blogs are you reading to stay informed on [topic]?
Which celebrities do you like / dislike?
Which celebrity has done the most good for society?
Which celebrity has done the most harm to society?
Which cities have you lived in? What do you like and hate about them?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
Which food looks delicious but is actually pretty disgusting?
Which industry events are you planning on attending?
Which is more important, a great car or a great house? Why?
Which is the most beautiful country you have ever visited?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Which season are you most active in?
Which social media platforms do you not get?
Which songs always bring tear to your eyes? Or what are the songs you always enjoy to listen?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
Which sports do you like to play?
Which super hero movie / TV show is your favorite?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
Which TV show most closely mirrors your life?
Which TV show would you choose to live in?
Which, in your opinion, is the most relaxing place in xyz country or world?
Who are some of your favorite actors or actresses?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
Who did you look up to as a child?
Who do you go fishing with or do you go alone?
Who do you look up to now?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
Who do you think will win the (major sports event)?
Who do you trust?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who is better? Ronaldo or Messi.
Who is someone who is popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Who is the best cook you know?
Who is the luckiest / unluckiest person you know?
Who is the most creative person you know?
Who is the most interesting person you follow?
Who is your favorite / least favorite super hero?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Who is your favorite person to follow on Instagram?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
Who or what has changed your life?
Who sometimes annoys you but you still follow them because they occasional put out something amazing?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
Who would play you in a movie?
Who, besides your parents, had the biggest impact on your life?
Who’s someone you really admire?
Who’s the most important role model or mentor you’ve had in your life?
Who’s your favorite actor / actress / director?
Whom would you want to be your Amazing Race partner?
Why did you choose your profession?
Why did you leave?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Why do you think stereotypes are so common?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Will there be any drawbacks of self-driving cars?
Will you ever beat a person if you have to?
Would you advise your children to go into [field]?
Would you buy a self-driving car if it was affordable?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
Would you ever want to be famous?
Would you ever wear latest gadgets such as Apple Watch or Google Glasses?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Would you rather work four 10-hour days or five eight-hour days?
Would you recommend that [food or drink they’re holding]?
Would you want to be famous?
Yeah, it’s a bit cliche but sometimes it works well!
You can make this one about neighborhood parks or national parks, whatever works best for your situation.
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop and start time. What do you do with it?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
You know a lot about __________, right? What do you think I should do about _________?
You live in [neighborhood/city], right? Where should I eat/what should I do when I’m over there?
You remind me strongly of a celebrity, but I can’t remember who it is -- whom do people always compare you to?
You’re still one of the only people I know who [did X, achieved Y].
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
